Hi there, this is a review of the game far cry 3
blood dragon
no secret that ubisoft lately
became very money-hungry company
she rivets new assassins every year
and the fact that the rivet is not every year with
equally asassin and splinter cell
will look like asasinov and watch dogs
will be similar to the assassins with headlights edge 3
similar to asasinov but still to them
need more gold more gold bye
didn't come the end of the year they needed
somewhere somewhere to take more dough
they have already started releasing separate
episodes for assassin 3 which was called
tyranny george your three episodes they
all released call anyway need more
where is the money where to get the money and here they are
came up with they needed to take
any game with his usual
mechanics to not have long
develop so you can just
use what you already have and need
it was to take some well, not an assassin
because they have already released the same
the game was supposed to be not on disk
because the clip drives are also very expensive
it is necessary that it be cheaper
download and would need two layers
arcane caused layers of arquette restrictions
on the weight of the game in two gigabytes so they
took the edge edge as a basis but they decided
get rid of the hunt for zero no skins
crafting some crafting bags
Potions from pumping on the choice of the skills
there you swing and you get and
abilities of which they already have
came up with the election and batch you have to
had to cut the island but set aside
stupid side quests from the hunt
killing the general they had to leave
seizing bases make them smaller but
more they needed to be reduced
the number of weapons and most importantly need
It was to get rid of all the commercials because
that it takes a lot of weight because
instead of rollers you can just put
pixel pictures with text
but how to cheat the players like
make them believe that
must be and that is cool and they
came up and they decided to give this
chopped off piece of shit for parody on
modern shooters for let's say
fiction of the 70s about the future where
You can come up with a bunch of not funny jokes and
say that this type is cool and should
be and you player must from this
rejoice and with
since this game is about the future in 1007
they add on will gnaw out the eye gamut and
dragons which is actually dinosaurs
of course of course let the player suffer
still say how cool this game is let him
Let's sick sock something paddle here
the real couple goes it's not cool bones
I'm afraid ubisoft well done they are such moves yes
yes yes yes come on money dude
and the incorruptible quotes the press will deliver
a lot of high marks and then it will be possible
think they made us a continuation
also such a cool formula we made this
the game for a couple of months is just and made of
so let's say out of shit and everyone is happy all
pretty so let's do a sequel
let's all be with them
in general it will be great we will get more
more gold damn it is ingeniously simple
brilliantly 10 out of 10
good lord 10 10 all this game of the year of masks
masses play thank you all for your attention
but actually everything is all
very stripped down all tear out your eyes on and everything
nasty all the same for the whole game
literally three funny jokes only
ninja turtles pro dinosaur who
you expect spits and about the code word
for an explosion of grenades, I honestly admire that
they made such a call and issued it for
sweetie because all aesthetic
years I was taught the same thing that is
on copies of others ideas make worse
simpler but you yes it's a crap he hey
project and everything will be cool i would even
said I was taught to think so that is
come up with projects like far cry 3
blood dragon
but objectively it is 6 bedrooms points out of 10
Thank you all for your attention my name is
Allen from bye